# CS-255

For this project, I created a business requirement document as well as a system design document for DriverPass. DriverPass is a fictional company that wanted to implement driver testing courses in order to help new drivers pass their DMV drivers exams with ease. DriverPass needed a system that would work on multiple operating systems and function on multiple browsers. The system was designed to make it so that the principal of least privilege was implemented, ensuring that only those that needed access to certain areas of the system were granted access. The system was meant to allow customers to pick an available time slot from a calender and set a time to train with a driving teacher. DriverPass wanted multiple tiers of training based on the needs of the testing customer. 

I believe that I accomplished a good analysis of the system and covered all the necessary traits that DriverPass was looking for with my system design. I also believe that I did so in a secure manner to prevent any abuse of the system or loss of customer data.

If I could improve or revise one thing on the system, it would be customer security. While I don't think that the system that I have implemented would be bad as far as security is concerned I always feel that security is worth a second look. While I would always want to offer a polished product to the client, I would rather more time go to security of data to prevent any unforeseen breaches of data. This would be a little easier with a team of developers where both options could be achieved. Working alone on the system design, I want to be as specific as possible with how the security will be set up. (Encrypting passwords with Sha-256 for example).

When I design software, I always focus on the pseudo-code. Pseudo-code allows a lot of the kinks that would be encountered to be handled on the front side so that production doesn't slow down later on. With pseudo-code in mind, I think that UML diagrams really make a difference in understanding how the system operates. By being able to pinpoint exactly how everything is interacting, it's easier to ensure that data is being passed only where it needs to be. I will be using UML diagrams in tandem with my pseudo-code to make sure that I have a complete understanding of the system breakdown.
